Hahaha, I said it just now.
What about Lin Shishi?
Now it's just garbage being thrown out of the house.
Yo, is that
This poem has another one here
An unknown noble identity?
Lin Shishi
You just watch this lunatic go crazy here
Get out of here without him
Our Lin family can't afford to lose this person.
Lynch, are you satisfied that I'm dead?
Ah, our Lin family has been skating on thin ice today.
Do you want my Lin family to fall like this?
Ah!
It doesn't matter.
Just try to do what you have to do.
Take it, no sir
What do you mean?
It seems that you don't know the four major families yet
Why invest here?
They're not here to invest for money
Not for the name
And in order to find someone
As long as you are close to this person
He can easily get the order.
This kid
I think you are crazy
Are you really the leader of these four families?
Be a fool
If it's really like what you said today
Then I'll be what you are
You don't need to ask me why I know this
You just need to know
Lin Shishi
Is the one closest to the person you're looking for
Giving the order to him is the perfect choice.